= Dispatcher

Dispatcher, formally known as Rails.js, is a small JavaScript library that automatically calls your functions when page is loaded.
It was primary written to be used by Rails applications, but it will work with any web page you have.

Dispatcher requires jQuery.

== Usage

Your page must have a meta tag called +page+. This tag should have the controller and action names.

  <meta name="page" content="users#index" />

Rails developers can use the helper below:

  def dispatcher_tag
    controller_name = controller.class.name.underscore
    controller_name.gsub!(/\//, "_")
    controller_name.gsub!(/_controller$/, "")

    %[<meta name="page" content="#{controller_name}##{controller.action_name}" />]
  end

Then all you need to do is include <tt>dispatcher.js</tt>

  <script type="text/javascript" src="jquery.js"></script>
  <script type="text/javascript" src="dispatcher.js"></script>
  <script type="text/javascript" src="lib.js"></script>

Now, you need to implement your own library. You must use a global variable called +App+.

  App.users = {};

  App.users["index"] = function() {
    // execute specific code for users/index
  };

  App.users["new"] = function() {
    // execute specific code for users/new
  }

Dispatcher comes with some callbacks.

  App.before = function() {};
  App.after = function() {};
  App.CONTROLLER.before = function() {};
  App.CONTROLLER.after = function() {};

The chain is executed in this order:

  App.before
  App.CONTROLLER.before
  App.CONTROLLER.ACTION
  App.CONTROLLER.after
  App.after

Dispatcher also detect browser's user agent and set a body CSS class. If is IE,
an additional body class identifying the version will be added.
All browsers and IE7+ also add a body class "capable".

== Troubleshooting

If you're migrating from Rails.js (the previous version), here's what you'll have to do:

* Rename all <tt>Rails.CONTROLLER.ACTION</tt> references to <tt>App.CONTROLLER.ACTION</tt>.
* Rename all remaining <tt>Rails</tt> references - if any - to <tt>Dispatcher</tt>.
* Callbacks should be set directly on <tt>App</tt>.

== License

(The MIT License)

Copyright © 2010 Nando Vieira (http://simplesideias.com.br)

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the ‘Software’), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ‘AS IS’, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
